README.md, before:

# Quiz app
A simple application to demonstrate the Page Object Model approach in UI testing.

The main idea is to incapsulate screen logic into an object called PageObject. 
To be used with XCTest framework it was implemented as follows:
```Swift
class PageObject {

    struct Consts {
        static let defaultTimeout: TimeInterval = 1.0
    }

    let application: XCUIApplication

    required init(application: XCUIApplication) {
        self.application = application
    }

    @discardableResult
    func verify(timeout: TimeInterval = Consts.defaultTimeout) throws -> Self {
        return self
    }

}
```

*PageObject* is a root class. Subclasses are supposed to override *verify* method and provide extra actions that are allowed on associated page.
```Swift
class WelcomePageObject: PageObject {

    @discardableResult
    override func verify(timeout: TimeInterval = Consts.defaultTimeout) throws -> Self {
        try [
            self.application.staticTexts.element(label: "Welcome"),
            self.application.staticTexts.element(
                label: "This is a simple questionnaire app to demonstrate the power of Page Object pattern."
            ),
            self.application.staticTexts.element(label: "Tap 'Start' to begin."),
            self.application.buttons.element(label: "Start"),
        ].throwIfDoesNotExist(timeout: timeout)
        return self
    }

    @discardableResult
    func start(timeout: TimeInterval = Consts.defaultTimeout) throws -> Question1PageObject {
        try self.application.buttons.element(label: "Start").tapOrThrow(timeout: timeout)
        return Question1PageObject(application: self.application)
    }
    
}
```

An article about this can be found on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/turning-ui-testing-pleasure-alexander-gavrilko).

Commit message:

Added CI configuration for build & test
• Added main.yml file with test and build configuration
• Updated readme file to show CI results

README.md, after:

A sample project about UI testing using "Page Object Model" technique.
An article can be found on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/turning-ui-testing-pleasure-alexander-gavrilko).
![Build Status](https://github.com/agavrilko/UITesting-into-pleasure/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)

# Overview
The main idea is to incapsulate screen logic into an object called PageObject. 
To be used with XCTest framework it was implemented as follows:
```Swift
class PageObject {

    struct Consts {
        static let defaultTimeout: TimeInterval = 1.0
    }

    let application: XCUIApplication

    required init(application: XCUIApplication) {
        self.application = application
    }

    @discardableResult
    func verify(timeout: TimeInterval = Consts.defaultTimeout) throws -> Self {
        return self
    }

}
```

*PageObject* is a root class. Subclasses are supposed to override *verify* method and provide extra actions that are allowed on associated page.
```Swift
class WelcomePageObject: PageObject {

    @discardableResult
    override func verify(timeout: TimeInterval = Consts.defaultTimeout) throws -> Self {
        try [
            self.application.staticTexts.element(label: "Welcome"),
            self.application.staticTexts.element(
                label: "This is a simple questionnaire app to demonstrate the power of Page Object pattern."
            ),
            self.application.staticTexts.element(label: "Tap 'Start' to begin."),
            self.application.buttons.element(label: "Start"),
        ].throwIfDoesNotExist(timeout: timeout)
        return self
    }

    @discardableResult
    func start(timeout: TimeInterval = Consts.defaultTimeout) throws -> Question1PageObject {
        try self.application.buttons.element(label: "Start").tapOrThrow(timeout: timeout)
        return Question1PageObject(application: self.application)
    }
    
}
```
